away again about you I will not be
far from here I go and I'll never go back
far from which I leave to be
next to you away I leave I will not be me
for you away from here I'll be good
never ever far from here I go no
I will never come back and here I am gone it's over
on account of two that you go to chile and
that bless you away from you I find
the balance of my fourth step the time and
I'm waiting for you and I'm sick
with this heart you just played like that
surpassed is that you for me never
you felt nothing and now you repeat yourself for not
take that affection and now that you do not
I offer nothing, you cry as a child
but you deserve it and endure that pain
I just hope you feel what you felt
my heart I was not to blame for
I was excited but it was my fault
for having fallen in love
I'm not spiteful but I'll do the
exception and that karma will return everything
my pain will fuck you that close to you
I'll be far from here I'll go now
I will go back far from leaving
be away from you I leave not
I'll be me for you away from here I'm good
I will never return
far away from you I go I will never come back
from here I'm gone the story of two is over
you go cool and bless you goodbye
in a scream
far away from you I'm going away from you I'll be
just to be at peace and no longer go back
to see away from you I'm going like that I'll feel
better even though I'm not with you anymore
will be better and now I get up that
I was on the ground but I know what to find
in someone's arms the consolation no longer
I will suffer for someone I will not cry anymore
positive optimist and forward I will continue
forward to continue in search of love
lost is still looking for the love that
I never had and with me I know that love
wait for me somewhere that soon
happiness thanks to him I'm going to
find better is that you stay with the
heart broken because the end is stopped
suffer for you this fool is true what
I said but it was at the time to tell you
that you want to be my girlfriend is my
repentance and now it is that finally
I awake from that man I regret
what I said only big if your ego like that
you hurt my fragile heart but instead
of I love you now says goodbye
I will never come back
I will never go back again
this valley and grow in days
r
lonely on the pedal